Add Bencher (#3591)
awesome-selfhosted/awesome-selfhosted: README.md

Tools and software for [software testing](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Software_testing).

> - [Bencher](https://bencher.dev/) - Bencher is a suite of continuous benchmarking tools designed to catch performance regressions in CI. ([Source Code](https://github.com/bencherdev/bencher)) `MIT/Apache-2.0` `All Languages`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Bencher](https://bencher.dev/) - Bencher is a suite of continuous benchmarking tools designed to catch performance regressions in CI. ([Source Code](https://github.com/bencherdev/bencher)) `MIT/Apache-2.0` `Rust`
```

> The Language tag is the main server-side requirement for the software
